Exploratory Data Analysis – (H1B Visa Dataset)

Back Ground:
The H-1B is an employment-based, non-immigrant visa category for temporary foreign workers in the United States. For a foreign national to apply for H1-B visa, an US employer must offer a job and petition for H-1B visa with the US immigration department. 
This is the most common visa status applied for and held by international students once they complete college/ higher education (Masters, PhD) and work in a full-time position.

Overview of the problem:
In this project, you will play the role of Analyst and explore the H1B data.
The data you will be dealing is generated by The Office of Foreign Labor Certification (OFLC). The data is updated annually.

Data set description:
1)	CASE_STATUS: This field denotes the status of the application after LCA (Labor Condition Application) processing.
a.	CERTIFIED: Eligible for H1B Visa
b.	CERTIFIED-WITHDRAWN: Eligible for H1B Visa but application was withdrawn
c.	WITHDRAWN: Withdrawn just after filing it
d.	DENIED: Not Eligible for H1B Visa
2)	EMPLOYER_NAME: Name of employer submitting application.
3)	WORKSITE:  City and State information of the foreign worker's intended area of employment.
4)	FULL_TIME_POSITION: Y = Full Time Position; N = Part Time Position

Objective:
Based on the knowledge you acquired in last session, you should complete the activities mentioned in the below assignments.



You must do the following:

1)	Understand the data and the discrepancies associated with it.
2)	Analysis based on CASE_STATUS
a.	What % of cases are CERTIFIED
b.	How many cased were DENIED
3)	Analysis based on EMPLOYER_NAME
a.	Top 10 Employer filing for H1B visa, what can you infer from it?
b.	Top 5 Employer whose visa application are denied maximum number of times.
4)	Maximum number of visa application are certified for which WORKSITE.
5)	Approximately what % of certified visa application are for part time position, considering top employer and for worksite which we identified in Q4



